so this morning we have
because a little video editing
so we select
a video that you but none of the years
r
it's a humble person that one
something all this week
here we press on 120
create a crime
we can
move
laurent guyot
added
even though the month of August and text
remy he wanted to make effects he adds a legend provided
it's not too long
so here we have moved sites on stage
we can add music a background here so I'm going
may be
a small federal club 2 clicks
the legendary
so
cros
longuet
yes I am to his passion
right here
she delivers herself on my movie I can move
the master the legend
a place that seems to me more
the laptop is complicated
then she
so
ferrandez I made a car fault at home m here i'm going to do it
lyon
he signs so I prefer a preview of the film mouallem
so it's not too late not too long
the eu fund
he said everything is chained young so logical the mi6
here is a picture more country this
that's it if I'm happy
m
by then I will do it
created the movie
in man's outfit
of course not the video remains
ok and here it goes to make the video account to send
on Youtube
it's clear a surprise so here we go